Yolko!
Asuna, I'm leaving him to you!
Stop!
Dammit!
Teleporting?
Where's he planning to go?
Crap...
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"Illusionary Avenger"
You idiot!
Stop being so reckless!
Well? What happened?
It was no use.
He got away by teleporting...
Inside the inns, we're
protected by the system.
I was certain she'd be safe here.
Dammit.
That robe was Griselda's.
It was Griselda's ghost...
She's finally come to
get revenge on us!
For a ghost, pulling off a safe-zone
PK would be simple, right?
That was no ghost.
There's got to be a systemic logic
to these two safe-zone murders.
There's just got to be!
I wonder if that black-robed figure
was really Griselda's ghost?
Seeing those two deaths happen
right before my eyes...
even I'm starting
to think it's true.
No, that kind of thing
could never happen.
In the first place, a ghost wouldn't
have had to use a teleport crystal...
A teleport crystal...
What is it?
No, it's nothing.
Here.
You're giving it to me?
What else would I be doing?
You think I'm showing
it off or something?
U-Uh, then thanks.
Its durability is nearly at zero,
so you should eat up
before it disappears.
Y-Yeah.
This is really good.
When did you find the
time to pick up lunch?
Didn't I say their durability
was about to run out?
I thought something like
this might happen,
so I prepared them this morning.
Gotta hand it to the leader of the attack
unit of the Knights of the Blood Oath.
Where did you get these, anyway?
They're not for sale.
They didn't come from a store.
Even I can cook, you know.
W-Well, what can I say? Um...
You could've just put this up for auction
and made yourself a lot of money.
There are no second
helpings, all right?
What's wrong?
That's right... That's it!
What?
What on earth did
you just figure out?
I...
We...
...never actually saw a thing.
We just thought we did.
But we really saw something else.
There never was a weapon
or any kind of logic
that would allow killing
within the safe areas!
"Floor 19: Cross Hill"
Griselda...
The only way I can be saved
now is if you forgive me.
I'm sorry... I'm so sorry!
Forgive me, Griselda!
I never imagined that something
like that would happen!
Really?
Really? Really?
What did you do to me?
What did you do, Schmitt?
I... I only...
The day we decided to sell the ring,
a note and crystal just appeared
in my belt pouch,
and there were instructions...
From who, Schmitt?
Who were those instructions from?
Grimlock?
You're dead too?
Who?
Who gave you these orders?
I-I don't know! That's the truth!
The note just said to bind
the crystal to the room
where Griselda was staying
so they could enter,
and then to put the crystal in
the guild's shared storage...
And?
That was all I did!
I really never meant to help
them with the murder.
Believe me... Please!
We recorded all of that, Schmitt.
Th-They're alive?
Yeah, they're alive.
Both Yolko and Kains.
B-But...
Inside a safe zone, player HP
basically never drops.
But an object's durability will.
Like with that baguette
sandwich just now.
That day, Kains's armor
was pierced by that spear.
The spear was draining the armor's
durability, not Kains's HP.
Th-Then what fell apart
and scattered was...
Right, it was just his armor.
And at the exact moment
his armor was destroyed,
Kains used a crystal to
teleport away from inside it.
The effect was incredibly similar
to that of someone's death.
But it's still totally different.
Then Yolko...
The dagger was already in her the
whole time she spoke with us.
The entire time?
Remember...
While she was in that room,
she never once turned her back to us.
And as she talked, she kept an eye
on her equipment's durability level.
At the right moment,
she acted as though a dagger
thrown from outside had stabbed her.
Which means the person
in the black robe...
I'd lay good odds that
it wasn't Grimlock.
It was Kains.
Those two must have realized
that they could use this method
to fake their own deaths.
And they could add a horrific twist
like the safe zone murders.
And their goal was to close in on
the culprit behind the ring murder,
and expose him.
Those two faked their own murders
to create an illusionary avenger.
They must have already been
somewhat suspicious of Schmitt.
Hey, you still have Yolko
on your friend list, right?
Right now, she's in
the field, on floor 19.
On a small hill, just outside the town.
I see.
Anyway,
let's let them handle the rest.
Our role in this case is finished.
R-Recorded?
So that's how it is.
You cared that much about Griselda.
You didn't hate her either, did you?
O-Of course not... Believe me!
Sure...
The rare weapon I bought
with the money I received
did help me clear the Holy Dragon
Alliance's entry requirements, but...
Paralysis?
One down!
Don't tell me these guys are...
This is quite a huge catch.
He's one of Holy Dragon
Alliance's higher-ups.
The murder guild,
Laughing Coffin.
Now then... what
game shall we play?
That game! Let's play
that game, boss...
The game where they kill each other,
and only the winner survives!
You say that, but... last time we did,
you killed the survivor anyway.
You can't tell them that now!
It won't be a game anymore, boss!
All right.
Let's get started.
Ow!
Guess I made it just in time...
So what are you gonna do?
I've got backup on the way.
You want to fight 30 people
from the Assault Team?
Let's go.
I'm glad I was able to
see you again, Yolko.
I was going to apologize to you
properly, once everything was over.
But I can't expect you to believe me.
Kirito...
Thank you for saving me,
but how did you figure it out?
That those three would attack us here?
It's not like I figured it out.
I just guessed that it
could be a possibility.
Hey, Kains... Yolko.
You asked Grimlock to make
those two weapons for you, didn't you?
At first, he didn't really
seem up for it.
He said he wanted to let
Griselda rest in peace...
But when we begged him,
he finally forged the
weapons for us.
I'm sorry, but the reason
he opposed your plan
wasn't for Griselda's sake.
He thought that staging a dramatic
incident like a safe-zone PK
would draw too much attention,
and someone was bound to figure it out.
I only realized it 30
minutes ago myself.
We ended up playing right
into Yolko's hands...
But I don't really mind.
Me neither.
Hey.
If it were you,
what would you have said when
a super-rare item like that dropped?
Let's see...
Part of the reason I play solo
is to avoid those situations.
In our guild, it would belong
to the person who got the drop.
Those are the rules we play by.
You know how in SAO,
no one knows what items dropped
for whom unless it's self-reported?
It's the only way to avoid having
players secretly hoard stuff.
Also, it's because of that system
that marriage in this world
has real meaning.
If you marry, your item
storage is shared, right?
Until then, you could've hidden
whatever you wanted, but...
Once you're married,
you can't hide it anymore.
Shared storage is quite a
pragmatic system.
But at the same time, I think
it's very romantic as well.
Hey...
What?
Asuna... Have you
ever gotten married?
No... That's not what I meant!
You were just talking about how
it's romantic and plastic...
No one said that!
I said it's romantic and pragmatic.
Pragmatic... It means practical
for your information!
Practical.
Practical?
Marriage in SAO?
That's right!
Because in a way, it throws
everything out there, doesn't it?
Something like common storage.
What?
Common storage...
If your spouse dies,
what happens to the items?
Item storage is shared.
When one person dies,
what happens to their items?
Are you talking about
Griselda and Grimlock?
Let's see, if one of them died...
Wouldn't everything go to the other?
Which would mean the rare ring
in Griselda's storage...
It should still be in her spouse
Grimlock's storage, not in the killer's.
The ring wasn't stolen?
No, it was stolen.
It should still be
considered stolen.
Grimlock stole the ring
from his own storage.
It was Grimlock?
He's the one who sent that memo?
And he killed Griselda?
No, he probably didn't do it personally.
He likely left the actual murder
to a red player specializing
in such villainous acts.
No...
If he's the real killer,
then why would he have helped us?
You explained the whole
plan to him, didn't you?
So this was his chance to
use it to his advantage
and bury the ring incident
once and for all.
He just had to wait for you,
Schmitt, and Kains to gather,
so he could kill you all at once.
So that's why...
That's why that murder
guild came here.
Most likely,
he knew them from when he
hired them to kill Griselda.
That's horrible...
I found him.
We can ask him for the details.
It's been a long time, everyone.
Grimlock...
Did you... Did you really...
Why, Grimlock?
Why did you need the money
from the ring so badly that you had
to kill Griselda, your own wife?
Money?
Did you say money?
It wasn't for the money.
I had...
I had to kill her, no matter what...
While she was still my wife.
She was my wife in
the real world too.
The ideal wife, the perfect wife...
Pretty, submissive...
We never had a single fight.
But when we were both
trapped in this world,
she changed.
Only I was scared,
overcome by fear,
cowered at this death game
we were forced to play.
She looked so much more alive,
more fulfilled than she ever
was in the real world.
I had no choice but to accept it...
That the Yuko I loved was gone.
Therefore...
Therefore, I wanted to seal Yuko
within my memories forever...
while we were still in this world
where murder is legal...
And who could blame me?
You killed your wife for that reason?
It's more than enough reason.
Someday, you'll understand
too, detective.
Once you've found love and
are about to lose it, that is.
No, you're the one who's
mistaken, Grimlock.
What you felt for
Griselda wasn't love.
The only feeling you had
for her was possessiveness!
Kirito, could you let us deal
with this man ourselves?
All right.
Hey...
If it were you... Let's say that
after you married someone,
you discovered she had a side
that you didn't know about...
What would you think?
Maybe that I was lucky...
B-Because if you marry someone,
it means you already
like what you know
about them, right?
So if you found something
new about them
and fell in love with that too...
W-Wouldn't that be great?
Well, fine.
Never mind that. I'm hungry.
I didn't get to finish
my meal earlier.
Y-Yeah...
We've been away from the front
lines for two whole days...
We'll have to get back
to work tomorrow.
Yeah, I want to clear
this floor this week.
What?
Hey, Kirito...
Want to friend me?
You haven't so far, right?
Since we're both on
the Assault Team,
it's inconvenient that we
can't contact each other.
But I'm a solo player...
I didn't say you had
to party up with me.
And besides, you should
make some friends at least.
Sh-Should I?
It's not inconvenient, but...
Think about it while we're eating.
Okay! First, why don't we
head back to town?
Y-Yeah...
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "The Temperature of the Heart."